gh-82406: document duck-type nature of inspect.is*function (#94987)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-07-18-20-47-59.gh-issue-gh-82406.IkXdhH.rst

> document the duck-type nature of inspect.is*function so that Cython can use it

Author: ```suggestion
Document that :func:`inspect.iscoroutinefunction`, :func:`inspect.isgeneratorfunction`,
and :func:`inspect.isasyncgenfunction` now properly return ``True`` for
duck-typed function-like objects so that Cython functions can support them
```
